some 147 praise the Lord for it is good
to sing praises to our God for it is
pleasant and praise is beautiful the
Lord builds up Jerusalem he gathers
together the outcasts of Israel he heals
the brokenhearted and binds up their
wounds he counts the number of the stars
he calls them all by name great is our
Lord and mighty and power his
understanding is infant the Lord lifts
up the humble he casts the wicked down
to the ground
sing to the Lord with Thanksgiving sing
praises on the harp to our God who
covers the heavens with clouds who
prepares rain for the earth who makes
grass to grow on the mountains he gives
to the Beast its food and to the young
Ravens that cry he does not delight in
the strength of the horse he takes no
pleasure in the legs of a man the Lord
takes pleasure and those who fear Him in
those who hope in his mercy praise the
Lord O Jerusalem praise your God o Zion
for he is strengthen the bars of your
gates he has blessed your children
within you he makes peace in your
borders and fills you with the finest
wheat he sends out his command to the
earth his word runs very swiftly he
gives snow like wool he scatters the
frost like ashes he casts out his hail
like morsels who can stand before his
cold he sends out his word and melts
them he causes his wind to blow and the
waters flow he declares his word to
Jacob his statutes and his judgments to
Israel he is not doubt with us with
any nation and as for his judgments they
have not known them praise the Lord
[Music]